.TH "AlgoUtils" 3 "1 Mar 2010" "Outil pédagogique pour la compréhension d'algorithmes de graphes" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
AlgoUtils \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <AlgoUtils.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAlgoUtils\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAlgoUtils\fP (\fBAbstractModel\fP *model)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAlgoUtils\fP (\fBAbstractModel\fP *model, string name)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBchangeFlagInteraction\fP (int flag)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to assign the kind of interaction with the algorithm between _FIFO, _LIFO, _RDM, _USER. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBchangeSpeed\fP (unsigned long time)"
.br
.RI "\fIChange the time to wait when the algorithm is running in _FIFO, _LIFO or _RDM. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetName\fP (string name)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssign a name for the algorithm. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetModel\fP (\fBAbstractModel\fP *model)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssign the model to the algorithm. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual string \fBgetName\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIMethod that permit to know the name of the algorithm. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fB_sleep\fP (unsigned long time)"
.br
.RI "\fIfunction that permit to wait \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBinitAlgo\fP (\fBGraph\fP *g)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBchooseNode\fP (\fBGraph\fP *g, list< int > *nodes)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetNodeSelected\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIChange the value of the selected node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBnotify\fP (\fBGraph\fP *g)"
.br
.RI "\fINotify windows that the graphe has change. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "AlgoUtils::AlgoUtils ()"
.PP
Constructor. \fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Estebe Anthony 
.RE
.PP

.SS "AlgoUtils::AlgoUtils (\fBAbstractModel\fP * model)"
.PP
Constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP model which launch the algorithm 
.RE
.PP

.SS "AlgoUtils::AlgoUtils (\fBAbstractModel\fP * model, string name)"
.PP
Constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP model which launch the algorithm 
.br
\fIthe\fP name of the algorithm 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void AlgoUtils::_sleep (unsigned long time)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
function that permit to wait \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItime\fP we want to sleep 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void AlgoUtils::changeFlagInteraction (int flag)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to assign the kind of interaction with the algorithm between _FIFO, _LIFO, _RDM, _USER. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIflag\fP that we want to assign 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void AlgoUtils::changeSpeed (unsigned long time)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Change the time to wait when the algorithm is running in _FIFO, _LIFO or _RDM. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItime\fP to wait 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int AlgoUtils::chooseNode (\fBGraph\fP * g, list< int > * nodes)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SS "string AlgoUtils::getName ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Method that permit to know the name of the algorithm. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the name of the algorithm 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void AlgoUtils::initAlgo (\fBGraph\fP * g)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SS "void AlgoUtils::notify (\fBGraph\fP * g)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Notify windows that the graphe has change. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP graph 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void AlgoUtils::setModel (\fBAbstractModel\fP * model)"
.PP
Assign the model to the algorithm. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP model assigned to the graphe 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void AlgoUtils::setName (string name)"
.PP
Assign a name for the algorithm. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP of the algorithm 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void AlgoUtils::setNodeSelected (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Change the value of the selected node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP node selected 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Outil pédagogique pour la compréhension d'algorithmes de graphes from the source code.
