.TH "src/model/Graph.h" 3 "1 Mar 2010" "Outil pédagogique pour la compréhension d'algorithmes de graphes" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/model/Graph.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'Summit.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <list>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGraph\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_NUMBER\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fICharacteristics of nodes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_TAG\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_STATE\fP   2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_CHOICE_STATE\fP   -1"
.br
.RI "\fIOptions for the states. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_SOURCE_NODE\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fICharacteristics of edges. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_DEST_NODE\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_VALUE\fP   2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_EDGE_STATE\fP   3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_NOT_VISITED\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIEdges states. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_VISITED\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB_ON_EDGE\fP   2"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define _CHOICE_STATE   -1"
.PP
Options for the states. State that permit to select node 
.SS "#define _DEST_NODE   1"the dest node of an edge 
.SS "#define _EDGE_STATE   3"the state of the edge 
.SS "#define _NOT_VISITED   0"
.PP
Edges states. the state when the edge was not visited 
.SS "#define _NUMBER   0"
.PP
Characteristics of nodes. \fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Estebe Anthony Number of a node 
.RE
.PP

.SS "#define _ON_EDGE   2"the state of the current edge 
.SS "#define _SOURCE_NODE   0"
.PP
Characteristics of edges. the source node of an edge 
.SS "#define _STATE   2"State of a node 
.SS "#define _TAG   1"Tag of a node 
.SS "#define _VALUE   2"the value of the edge 
.SS "#define _VISITED   1"the state when the edge was been visited 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Outil pédagogique pour la compréhension d'algorithmes de graphes from the source code.
