.TH "Graph" 3 "1 Mar 2010" "Outil pédagogique pour la compréhension d'algorithmes de graphes" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Graph \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Graph.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGraph\fP (int order)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGraph\fP (int order, string name)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Graph\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestroyer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBgetOrder\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the order of the graph. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetOrder\fP (int order)"
.br
.RI "\fIInstantiate the order of the graph. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBaddEdge\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd new edge in the graph. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBremoveEdge\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove edge in the graph. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBaddNode\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd a node to the graph. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBremoveNode\fP (int node)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove a node to the graph. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBisSuccessor\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to know if the nodeA is successor of the nodeB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual list< int > * \fBsuccessors\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the successor of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBnumberSuccessors\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to know the number of successors. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBisPredecessor\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to know if the nodeA is predecessor of the nodeB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual list< int > * \fBpredecessors\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the predecessor of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBnumberPredecessors\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to know the number of predecessors. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBisNeighbor\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to know if the nodeA is a neighbor of the nodeB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual list< int > * \fBneighbors\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIFind the neighbors of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBnumberNeighbors\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to know the number of neighbors. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBgetEdgeValue\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to know the value of the edge nodeA, nodeB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetEdgeValue\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB, int value)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIAssign a value to the edge nodeA, nodeB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBgetEdgeState\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to know the the state of the edge nodeA, nodeB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetEdgeState\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB, int state)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIAssign a state of the edge. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBisSymmetric\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permits to know if an edge is symmetric. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual list< int * > * \fBgetEdges\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIfunction that permit to get all edges of the graph \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual list< string * > * \fBgetSummits\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIfunction that permit to get all summit of the graph \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetState\fP (int node, int state)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that change the state of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBgetState\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that return the state of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetTag\fP (int node, string tag)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that change the tag of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual string \fBgetTag\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that return the tag of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual string \fBgetName\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the name of the graph. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetName\fP (string name)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to assign a name for the graph. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Graph::Graph (int order)"
.PP
Constructor. \fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Estebe Anthony
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumber\fP of summit of the graph 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Graph::Graph (int order, string name)"
.PP
Constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumber\fP of summit of the graph 
.br
\fIname\fP of the graph 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Graph::~Graph ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destroyer. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Graph::addEdge (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Add new edge in the graph. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstart\fP node included in the graph 
.br
\fIend\fP node included in the graph 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "int Graph::addNode ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Add a node to the graph. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the number of the node 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "list< int * > * Graph::getEdges ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
function that permit to get all edges of the graph \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the list of edges 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int Graph::getEdgeState (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to know the the state of the edge nodeA, nodeB. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsource\fP of the edge 
.br
\fIdestination\fP of the edge 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the edge state of the edge nodeA, nodeB 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "int Graph::getEdgeValue (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to know the value of the edge nodeA, nodeB. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsource\fP of the edge 
.br
\fIdestination\fP of the edge 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the value of the edge (nodeA, nodeB) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "string Graph::getName ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return the name of the graph. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
name of the graph 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int Graph::getOrder ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the order of the graph. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the order of the graph 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int Graph::getState (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that return the state of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP node that we want to know the state 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the state of the node given in paramtre 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "list< string * > * Graph::getSummits ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
function that permit to get all summit of the graph \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the list of summit with the value, the tag and the state of the summit 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "string Graph::getTag (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that return the tag of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP node that we want to know the tag 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the state of the node given in paramtre 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "bool Graph::isNeighbor (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to know if the nodeA is a neighbor of the nodeB. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP node A of the graph 
.br
\fIa\fP node B of the graph 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if nodeA is a neighbor of nodeB, else return false 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool Graph::isPredecessor (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to know if the nodeA is predecessor of the nodeB. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP node A of the graph 
.br
\fIa\fP node B of the graph 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if nodeA is a predecessor of nodeB, else return false 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool Graph::isSuccessor (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to know if the nodeA is successor of the nodeB. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP node A of the graph 
.br
\fIa\fP node B of the graph 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if nodeA is a successor of nodeB, else return false 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "bool Graph::isSymmetric (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permits to know if an edge is symmetric. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstart\fP node of the graph 
.br
\fIend\fP node of the graph 
.RE
.PP

.SS "list< int > * Graph::neighbors (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Find the neighbors of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbegin\fP node of the graph 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a list with all neighbors of node 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int Graph::numberNeighbors (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to know the number of neighbors. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbegin\fP node of the graph 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the number of neighbors of node 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int Graph::numberPredecessors (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to know the number of predecessors. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbegin\fP node of the graph 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the number of predecessors of node 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int Graph::numberSuccessors (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to know the number of successors. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbegin\fP node of the graph 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the number of successors of node 
.RE
.PP

.SS "list< int > * Graph::predecessors (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the predecessor of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbegin\fP node of the graph 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a list with the predecessor of node 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "void Graph::removeEdge (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Remove edge in the graph. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstart\fP node included in the graph 
.br
\fIend\fP node included in the graph 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "void Graph::removeNode (int node)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Remove a node to the graph. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInode\fP we want to remove 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "void Graph::setEdgeState (int nodeA, int nodeB, int state)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Assign a state of the edge. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsource\fP of the edge 
.br
\fIdestination\fP of the edge 
.br
\fIstate\fP of the edge 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "void Graph::setEdgeValue (int nodeA, int nodeB, int value)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Assign a value to the edge nodeA, nodeB. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsource\fP of the edge 
.br
\fIdestination\fP of the edge 
.br
\fIvalue\fP of the edge 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "void Graph::setName (string name)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to assign a name for the graph. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP of the graph 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void Graph::setOrder (int order)"
.PP
Instantiate the order of the graph. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIorder\fP of the new graph 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void Graph::setState (int node, int state)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that change the state of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP node that we whant to change the state 
.br
\fIthe\fP new state of node 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "void Graph::setTag (int node, string tag)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that change the tag of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP node that we whant to change the tag 
.br
\fIthe\fP new tag of node 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.
.SS "list< int > * Graph::successors (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the successor of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbegin\fP node of the graph 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a list with the successors of the node 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBGraphMatrix\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Outil pédagogique pour la compréhension d'algorithmes de graphes from the source code.
