.TH "GraphMatrix" 3 "1 Mar 2010" "Outil pédagogique pour la compréhension d'algorithmes de graphes" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
GraphMatrix \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <GraphMatrix.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGraphMatrix\fP (int size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGraphMatrix\fP (int size, string name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~GraphMatrix\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBaddEdge\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBremoveEdge\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove edge in the graph. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBaddNode\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd a node to the graph. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBremoveNode\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove a node to the graph. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBisSuccessor\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to know if the nodeA is successor of the nodeB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual list< int > * \fBsuccessors\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the successor of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual list< int > * \fBpredecessors\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the predecessor of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual list< string * > * \fBgetSummits\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIfunction that permit to get all summit of the graph \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetState\fP (int node, int state)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that change the state of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBgetState\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that return the state of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetTag\fP (int node, string tag)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that change the tag of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual string \fBgetTag\fP (int node)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that return the tag of a node. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBgetEdgeValue\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to know the value of the edge nodeA, nodeB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetEdgeValue\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB, int value)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssign a value to the edge nodeA, nodeB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBgetEdgeState\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction that permit to know the the state of the edge nodeA, nodeB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetEdgeState\fP (int nodeA, int nodeB, int state)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssign a state of the edge. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBshowGraph\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "GraphMatrix::GraphMatrix (int size)"
.SS "GraphMatrix::GraphMatrix (int size, string name)"
.SS "GraphMatrix::~GraphMatrix ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void GraphMatrix::addEdge (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [virtual]\fP"Virtual methods from \fBGraph\fP class 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBGraph\fP Class 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "int GraphMatrix::addNode ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Add a node to the graph. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the number of the node 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "int GraphMatrix::getEdgeState (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to know the the state of the edge nodeA, nodeB. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsource\fP of the edge 
.br
\fIdestination\fP of the edge 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the edge state of the edge nodeA, nodeB 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "int GraphMatrix::getEdgeValue (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to know the value of the edge nodeA, nodeB. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsource\fP of the edge 
.br
\fIdestination\fP of the edge 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the value of the edge (nodeA, nodeB) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "int GraphMatrix::getState (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that return the state of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP node that we want to know the state 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the state of the node given in paramtre 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "list< string * > * GraphMatrix::getSummits ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
function that permit to get all summit of the graph \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the list of summit with the value, the tag and the state of the summit 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "string GraphMatrix::getTag (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that return the tag of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP node that we want to know the tag 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the state of the node given in paramtre 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "bool GraphMatrix::isSuccessor (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that permit to know if the nodeA is successor of the nodeB. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP node A of the graph 
.br
\fIa\fP node B of the graph 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if nodeA is a successor of nodeB, else return false 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "list< int > * GraphMatrix::predecessors (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the predecessor of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbegin\fP node of the graph 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a list with the predecessor of node 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "void GraphMatrix::removeEdge (int nodeA, int nodeB)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Remove edge in the graph. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstart\fP node included in the graph 
.br
\fIend\fP node included in the graph 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "void GraphMatrix::removeNode (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Remove a node to the graph. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInode\fP we want to remove 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "void GraphMatrix::setEdgeState (int nodeA, int nodeB, int state)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Assign a state of the edge. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsource\fP of the edge 
.br
\fIdestination\fP of the edge 
.br
\fIstate\fP of the edge 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "void GraphMatrix::setEdgeValue (int nodeA, int nodeB, int value)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Assign a value to the edge nodeA, nodeB. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsource\fP of the edge 
.br
\fIdestination\fP of the edge 
.br
\fIvalue\fP of the edge 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "void GraphMatrix::setState (int node, int state)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that change the state of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP node that we whant to change the state 
.br
\fIthe\fP new state of node 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "void GraphMatrix::setTag (int node, string tag)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function that change the tag of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP node that we whant to change the tag 
.br
\fIthe\fP new tag of node 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGraph\fP.
.SS "void GraphMatrix::showGraph ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "list< int > * GraphMatrix::successors (int node)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the successor of a node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbegin\fP node of the graph 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a list with the successors of the node 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGraph\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Outil pédagogique pour la compréhension d'algorithmes de graphes from the source code.
